site/Whitelisting.md, before:

#### I want to use Monstercat's music in my videos/streams. What are the basics I need to know?
When using our music in your videos/streams, creators **must** abide by the following terms, (whether you have a license or not):

  - No Nightcore versions of our tracks
  - No Bass Boosted or otherwise altered versions of our tracks
  - No looping of our tracks (1 hour, 10 hour, etc.)
  - No uploads of tracks that have not yet been officially uploaded on our [Monstercat](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ6td3C9QlPO9O_J5dF4ZzA) channel
  - No file sharing links or free downloads of any kind may be provided
  - Users are not permitted to use our registered Monstercat word or design trademarks as their channel name or icon
  - Creators may not use tracks excluded from the licensing offering - list [here](https://www.monstercat.com/non-licensable-tracks)
  - Users must abide by and follow all [YouTube Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms) and [Community Guidelines](https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/policies/#community-guidelines)

#### Can I purchase a license for my music promotion channel?
Music promotion channels of any sort are not eligible to purchase our license but you can [contact us](https://www.monstercat.com/contact-us) to ask if you qualify for complimentary whitelisting.

#### How do I get the music?
For streamers seeking background music you can listen to our music directly from [Monstercat.com](https://www.monstercat.com/music), our [Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/monstercat), [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/monstercat), or use your preferred music app.

For those wanting to download our music you can purchase [Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold) for $5/mo to get full download access to our catalog, as well as early streaming access to new songs.

#### How much does a license cost, and how long do they last?
Our Content Creator Licenses last for 20 months at a time. Payments for our licenses work in 2 ways:

 - **YouTube:** $10 USD per month for 20 months, or pre-pay $200 for the full 20 months.
 - **Twitch or Mixer:** $5 USD each per month for 20 months, or pre-pay $100 each for the full 20 months.

Each full license is valid for 20 months long. This means that once you have fully paid for the license, any content that you upload during those 20 months will be claim-free forever.

#### What will happen if I cancel my subscription before 20 months?
If you cancel before the 20 months, the videos you uploaded during the time you were paying monthly become subject to copyright claims again. If you cancel your licence, you may resume it whenever you'd like.

#### I have a Twitch/Mixer and YouTube Channel. Is there a license deal for both together?
No, our licenses are per platform, per account/channel. For example, if you have a Twitch and YouTube account, you will need 2 separate licenses. 

#### With a Content Creator License, can I include Monstercat music in an advertisement or video with a paid product placement?
No, this would be considered commercial use and the sponsoring company would need to purchase a Commercial License.

#### As a corporate entity, am I allowed to take advantage of the Content Creator License?
No, you will need to fill out your licensing request [here](https://www.monstercat.com/licensing/commercial) and our Publishing team will get back to you with a quote for Commercial Licensing. Content Creators may also license individual tracks through our Commercial Licensing if they prefer.

---

## **ALREADY HAVE A LICENSE, AND STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?:**

#### How long will it take for my Channel to be whitelisted?
Once you purchase a license, your channel should be almost immediately added to our whitelist.

#### If I've just purchased a license, will copyright claims on my previous videos be automatically removed?
Buying a license does NOT remove any existing claims. You can manually remove the claims using our Claim Release page [here](https://www.monstercat.com/release-claim). Make sure you are logged into your Monstercat.com account when you are releasing the claims.

#### If I received a claim even though I already purchased a license, what do I do?
Sometimes YouTube can accidentally claim videos on channels that are on our whitelist. In this case, you can try to manually release the claim from our Claim Release page [here](https://www.monstercat.com/release-claim).  
Make sure you are logged into your Monstercat.com account when you are releasing the claims.

#### What are "Non-Licensable" tracks?
Non-Licensable tracks are tracks that cannot be used with our licenses. You can see the list of tracks [here](https://www.monstercat.com/non-licensable-tracks).

#### Is there a way to ensure I don't play any Non-Licensable tracks?
You can do this through your Monstercat.com account. Go to the "Account" tab, and check the "Skip Non-licensable Tracks" box.

#### How do I change my payment information?
To change your payment information, you will need to cancel your license, then resume it - once you resume, you will be able to enter in your new payment information.

#### How do I cancel my license/subscription?
You can cancel your subscription by logging on to your Monstercat.com account, going to the "Services" tab up at the top, then scroll down to "CANCEL SUBSCRIPTION"

#### Can I use a Monstercat Shop Gift Card to purchase a license?
No, Monstercat Shop Gift Cards cannot be used towards the purchasing of a license.

#### Is crediting required when I have a Content Creator License?
Crediting is not required when you have a Content Creator License, but we appreciate any provided! If you do not have a license, you must provide credit.

#### How do I properly credit a song in my description?
    Music provided by Monstercat:
    [ARTIST NAME] - [SONG NAME]
    [LINK TO SONG ON MONSTERCAT.COM]

#### Can I change my YouTube/Twitch/Mixer ID?
If you made an error in your ID when signing up, please email support@monstercat.com ASAP so we can help you fix it.
If you're looking to switch your license to a different channel, unfortunately you will need to cancel your current subscription, and purchase a new one for the new channel/ID.

#### Can I switch my license to a different platform? (e.g., Mixer to Twitch)
No, our licenses are platform-specific and are non-transferable.

## ADDITIONAL FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

#### I redeemed my Humble Bundle code, but I cannot download music anymore, what happened?
The Humble Bundle package comes with 1 year of the Twitch Content Creator License, but only 30 days of the Gold subscription. The Twitch Content Creator License gives you permission to use our music in your streams, but it's the Gold that lets you download tracks from Monstercat.com.  Your license is still active and you can keep using that, but to download, you'll need to purchase [Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold).

#### I live in Germany - how can I pay/sign up for a Gold subscription/license?
The best option to do so would be to search for prepaid credit cards online and buy one of those with PayPal, then use that credit card to sign up for Gold or a license using Stripe.

#### What is Monstercat Gold?
Our [Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold) subscription for $5/month gives you access to download our entire catalog in a format of your choosing - MP3, WAV or FLAC.
It also gives subscribers early streaming access (20 hrs prior) to our new releases, access to a private Discord Chat, subreddit flair, as well as the guarantee that our artists will be getting fairly compensated.

Our catalog only contains songs that are released on our label, so even though we may have an artist listed, it doesn't mean that all of their songs will be available through our website.
If you choose to end or cancel your subscription, you will still have the tracks that you downloaded while you still had your subscription active.

#### How do I download FLAC/WAV formats with Monstercat Gold?
In order to choose your prefered download format, go to the "Account" Tab and edit your "Preferred Download Format" under Settings.

Commit message:

Listed both channels. Changed some words. Link to sync.

site/Whitelisting.md, after:

#### I want to use Monstercat's music in my videos/streams. What are the basics I need to know?
When using our music in your videos/streams, creators **must** abide by the following terms, (whether you have a license or not):

  - No Nightcore versions of our tracks
  - No Bass Boosted or otherwise altered versions of our tracks
  - No looping of our tracks (1 hour, 10 hour, etc.)
  - No uploads of tracks that have not yet been officially uploaded on one of our channels: [Monstercat: Uncaged](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCJ6td3C9QlPO9O_J5dF4ZzA) or [Monstercat: Instinct](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCp8OOssjSjGZRVYK6zWbNLg)
  - No file sharing links or free downloads of any kind may be provided
  - Users are not permitted to use our registered Monstercat word or design trademarks as their channel name or icon
  - Creators may not monetize tracks excluded from the licensing offering - list [here](https://www.monstercat.com/non-licensable-tracks)
  - Users must abide by and follow all [YouTube Terms of Service](https://www.youtube.com/t/terms) and [Community Guidelines](https://www.youtube.com/yt/about/policies/#community-guidelines)

#### Can I purchase a license for my music promotion channel?
Music promotion channels of any sort are not eligible to purchase our license but you can [contact us](https://www.monstercat.com/contact-us) to ask if you qualify for complimentary whitelisting.

#### How do I get the music?
For streamers seeking background music you can listen to our music directly from [Monstercat.com](https://www.monstercat.com/music), our [Twitch channel](https://www.twitch.tv/monstercat), [YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/monstercat), or use your preferred music app.

For those wanting to download our music you can purchase **[Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold)** for $5/mo to get full download access to our catalog, as well as early streaming access to new songs.

#### How much does a license cost, and how long do they last?
Our Content Creator Licenses last for 20 months at a time. Payments for our licenses work in 2 ways:

 - **YouTube:** $10 USD per month for 20 months, or pre-pay $200 for the full 20 months.
 - **Twitch or Mixer:** $5 USD each per month for 20 months, or pre-pay $100 each for the full 20 months.

Each full license is valid for 20 months long. This means that once you have fully paid for the license, any content that you upload during those 20 months will be claim-free forever.

#### What will happen if I cancel my subscription before 20 months?
If you cancel before the 20 months, the videos you uploaded during the time you were paying monthly become subject to copyright claims again. If you cancel your licence, you may resume it whenever you'd like.

#### I have a Twitch/Mixer and YouTube Channel. Is there a license deal for both together?
No, our licenses are per platform, per account/channel. For example, if you have a Twitch and YouTube account, you will need 2 separate licenses. 

#### With a Content Creator License, can I include Monstercat music in an advertisement or video with a paid product placement?
No, this would be considered commercial use and the sponsoring company would need to purchase a [Commercial License](https://www.monstercat.com/sync).

#### As a corporate entity, am I allowed to take advantage of the Content Creator License?
No, you will need to fill out your licensing request [here](https://www.monstercat.com/sync) and our Publishing team will get back to you with a quote for Commercial Licensing. Content Creators may also license individual tracks through our Commercial Licensing if they prefer.

---

## **ALREADY HAVE A LICENSE, AND STILL HAVE QUESTIONS?:**

#### How long will it take for my Channel to be whitelisted?
Once you purchase a license, your channel should be almost immediately added to our whitelist.

#### If I've just purchased a license, will copyright claims on my previous videos be automatically removed?
Buying a license does NOT remove any existing claims. You can manually remove the claims using our Claim Release page [here](https://www.monstercat.com/release-claim). Make sure you are logged into your Monstercat.com account when you are releasing the claims.

#### If I received a claim even though I already purchased a license, what do I do?
Sometimes YouTube can accidentally claim videos on channels that are on our whitelist. In this case, you can try to manually release the claim from our Claim Release page [here](https://www.monstercat.com/release-claim).  
Make sure you are logged into your Monstercat.com account when you are releasing the claims.

#### What are "Non-Licensable" tracks?
Non-Licensable tracks are tracks that cannot be used with our licenses. You can see the list of tracks [here](https://www.monstercat.com/non-licensable-tracks).

#### Is there a way to ensure I don't play any Non-Licensable tracks?
You can do this through your Monstercat.com account. Go to the "Account" tab, and check the "Skip Non-licensable Tracks" box.

#### How do I change my payment information?
To change your payment information, you will need to cancel your license, then resume it - once you resume, you will be able to enter in your new payment information.

#### How do I cancel my license/subscription?
You can cancel your subscription by logging on to your Monstercat.com account, going to the "Services" tab up at the top, then scroll down to "CANCEL SUBSCRIPTION"

#### Can I use a Monstercat Shop Gift Card to purchase a license?
No, Monstercat Shop Gift Cards cannot be used towards the purchasing of a license.

#### Is crediting required when I have a Content Creator License?
Crediting is not required when you have a Content Creator License, but we appreciate any provided! If you do not have a license, you must provide credit.

#### How do I properly credit a song in my description?
    Music provided by Monstercat:
    [ARTIST NAME] - [SONG NAME]
    [LINK TO SONG ON MONSTERCAT.COM]

#### Can I change my YouTube/Twitch/Mixer ID?
If you made an error in your ID when signing up, please email support@monstercat.com ASAP so we can help you fix it.
If you're looking to switch your license to a different channel, unfortunately you will need to cancel your current subscription, and purchase a new one for the new channel/ID.

#### Can I switch my license to a different platform? (e.g., Mixer to Twitch)
No, our licenses are platform-specific and are non-transferable.

## ADDITIONAL FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS

#### I redeemed my Humble Bundle code, but I cannot download music anymore, what happened?
The Humble Bundle package comes with 1 year of the Twitch Content Creator License, but only 30 days of the Gold subscription. The Twitch Content Creator License gives you permission to use our music in your streams, but it's the Gold that lets you download tracks from Monstercat.com.  Your license is still active and you can keep using that, but to download, you'll need to purchase [Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold).

#### I live in Germany - how can I pay/sign up for a Gold subscription/license?
The best option to do so would be to search for prepaid credit cards online and buy one of those with PayPal, then use that credit card to sign up for Gold or a license using Stripe.

#### What is Monstercat Gold?
Our [Monstercat Gold](https://www.monstercat.com/gold) subscription for $5/month gives you access to download our entire catalog in a format of your choosing - MP3, WAV or FLAC.
It also gives subscribers early streaming access (20 hrs prior) to our new releases, discounts in the shop, access to a private Discord Chat, subreddit flair, as well as the guarantee that our artists will be getting fairly compensated.

Our catalog only contains songs that are released on our label, so even though we may have an artist listed, it doesn't mean that all of their songs will be available through our website.
If you choose to end or cancel your subscription, you will still have the tracks that you downloaded while you still had your subscription active.

#### How do I download FLAC/WAV formats with Monstercat Gold?
In order to choose your prefered download format, go to the [Account](https://www.monstercat.com/account) page and edit your "Preferred Download Format" under Settings.
